[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats formed
a pirate alliance with Law
and defeated
the Warlord, Doflamingo,
who had seized
control of Dressrosa.
Now, at last,
the kingdom is at peace.
However, in the
aftermath of the battle,
the Navy Admiral Fujitora
sweeps in to capture
every pirate on the island
before they can escape.
[LUFFY]
"No way Out!
Admiral Fujitora's
Ruthless Pursuit!"
[gasps]
Look! There he is, Hajrudin!
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY]
Hey! Put me down!
[CAVENDISH]
Take him to the ship!
Nice try, Luffy.
Now it's my turn.
We're done with that!
It's time to run away,
Mister Zoro!
We got this whole operation
we're pullin' off here!
Oh yeah?
[FARUL neighs]
So, uh, are we all cramming
onto one ship at the port,
because that's
kind of dangerous.
Not the port.
Our destination is further out.
Just look ahead.
[USOPP]
Huh?
Whoa. What the heck?
[USOPP] You've got like a whole
fleet forming a line!
How far out does this go?
[ORLUMBUS]
Over three miles!
The ships that we'll be taking
are hidden in the fog ahead.
We'll cross this
connecting bridge
made by my Yontamaria Fleet,
and board the ships at sea!
[USOPP]
You made your own dock?
[ORLUMBUS]
In a sense, yes.
Those are 50 Nitamaria
vessels you see before you.
They've extended ropes
to a bridge sturdy enough
to support even
our most sizeable
of allies in their escape.
[YONTAMARIA FLEET cheering]
Hey! I'm not done
fighting the old guy yet!
Let me go!
[CAVENDISH] Can you be
reasonable just this once?
[LUFFY] I said I
wouldn't run! I gotta fight!
We have a mission.
You can fight next time.
[FUJITORA] If you think
I'll simply let you escape,
you're mistaken.
[FUJITORA]
Whether you fight or you flee,
it's already too late
for you, Straw Hat.
You guys hear that, right?
[USOPP gasps]
That admiral really
wants our asses dead!
[JEET]
Move it or lose it, everybody!
[ABDULLAH laughs]
[gasps] The rubble seems
to be floating out to sea!
But why?
[VIOLET]
It's following after Straw Hat.
[gasps]
There's no way.
[FUJITORA] I know how you must
feel right now, Straw Hat.
Although I cannot see
the havoc I have wrought,
I know it looms heavily
before your eyes.
A dark sky that suffocates
any hope for escape.
The moment you try to set sail,
this rubble will fall
like an endless rain,
sinking every ship
into the abyss below.
[FUJITORA]
Surely you must know.
Even if, by some miracle,
you do escape me,
the Four Emperors will
hound your every step.
By defeating Joker, you've put
a target on your back.
Your life will be a living hell,
until at last,
they claim your neck.
[FUJITORA] You took pity on me
for my blindness,
but the truth is,
this was an injury that
I brought upon myself.
These eyes were closed
by my own actions,
because they saw too many things
that I didn't care for.
Things that I
wished they hadn't.
All right.
Are we gonna be able to
outrun this or what?
I don't want to be
crushed to death by trash!
If you're so intent on
making your way to hell,
then allow me to guide you.
[FUJITORA]
This is the end of your story.
Huh?
[TOWNSMAN A]
Give us back Rebecca, Lucy!
[TOWNSMAN B] We thought
you were our hero, damn it!
What happened?
Is that...?
[TOWNSMAN C] This kingdom
has made her suffer enough!
Whatever you're planning,
we're gonna stop it!
I'm sorry to say,
there are only criminals ahead.
You fine people are making
a terrible mistake
by coming here.
Allow me to handle this.
If you don't stop, they--
[TOWNSMAN D]
Move it, Navy!
[TOWNSMAN E]
We don't need your help!
This is our kingdom!
We'll take care of
the pirates ourselves!
Huh?
Huh? It's not falling!
Father. They townspeople,
they're--
[DOLDO]
Hm? What is it?
[VIOLET]
They're running to Straw Hat.
There are thousands of them.
[DOLDO]
What?
[JEET] What's all that
commotion back there?
The people of Dressrosa!
But what do you think they want?
[LUFFY]
Hm?
That's weird.
C'mon, Giant! Let me go!
Would you just
give it up already?
I'm not gonna fight him, okay?
Huh?
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
What's everybody yellin' about?
[TOWNSMAN F] You better
prepare yourself, Lucy!
[TOWNSMAN G]
Don't let 'em escape!
[TOWNSMAN H] You're gonna
pay for this! Damn pirates!
[TOWNSMAN I]
We're taking Rebecca back!
Lucy!
[TOWNSMAN J]
[TOWNSMAN K]
We're gonna get you!
[TOWNSMAN J] Get the ships!
Chase him out to sea!
[FUJITORA]
What is this?
[TOWNSMAN L]
Lucy!
[TOWNSMAN M]
You can't get away!
[FUJITORA]
Despite their words,
I don't sense
a hint of animosity.
[TOWNSMAN N] Give back Rebecca,
or we'll give you a wallop!
[TOWNSGIRL A]
Hey, you guys!
I saw Rebecca
at the top of the hill!
She's safe with Kyros!
[TOWNSMAN O chuckles] Don't
worry, we know! Just have fun!
[TOWNSGIRL A]
Huh?
[TOWNSMAN P]
Nobody talks about it,
but Kyros is Rebecca's father.
She's probably going to
live with him from now on.
[TOWNSMAN P] They used to
live together as a family
with Scarlet in that
little cottage on the hill.
All the adults in the kingdom
have known that
for 16 years now.
[TOWNSMAN O]
Of course, we knew the truth
about the fairies, too,
but we kept the secret
to protect them.
[TOWNSGIRL A]
Really?
[TOWNSMAN P] Anyway, those
pirates saved the kingdom,
so now it's our turn
to save them!
[TOWNSMAN P]
If we stick close to Lucy,
Fujitora won't be able to
drop the rubble from the sky!
[TOWNSMAN Q] We're coming, Lucy!
You better get ready!
[TOWNSMAN R]
You're in real trouble now!
[GYATS]
All right, everybody!
Let's get to that east port!
We have to give the heroes
who saved our kingdom
a proper sendoff!
Let's hurry!
This is your last chance.
Make it count!
Run to the sea!
Wouldya look at that!
It's like the whole city
came out for us!
[USOPP chuckles]
[FUJITORA] You're a fool,
Straw Hat, but an honest one.
[FUJITORA] I suppose
I shouldn't be surprised
that everyone wants
to take your side.
[FUJITORA] What kind of
a man are you, I wonder?
[FUJITORA]
What's the color of your hair?
The shape of your eyes?
[FUJITORA]
What does your smile look like?
What a pity.
Wish I could use
these eyes one last time
to see the face
of a man like you.
[FUJITORA] I'm sure it's
filled to brim with kindness.
[FUJITORA]
Now, what shall I do with
this unsightly weapon
I've raised?
I look like quite the fool.
[MARINE A]
All Marines have retreated,
but the citizens are
running to the port!
[BASTILLE] What the hell
is Issho doing down there?
Are you gonna keep that
rubble in the sky all day?
Check this out!
[ALL]
Aw man, it's huge!
[BARTOLOMEO] Is that an
awesome ship, or what?
[CAVENDISH]
It's not even yours!
[BARTOLOMEO]
Okay, we better get aboard
before the sky falls
on us or whatever.
I'll show you my ship later.
You're gonna flip out.
[LUFFY, USOPP]
It's like a castle!
Straw Hat.
I have four friends who are
Giant mercenaries like me.
I want to reach out
to all the other
giant tribes and form a crew.
Then, we'll shake the
foundations of this world.
Just like the famous Giant
Pirates did in the past!
Remember, Luffy?
That was Master Dorry
and Brogy's crew,
in their glory days!
Oh, that's cool.
He'll be a good rival, then!
Well, I can't wait to see
your crew when it's done.
Yeah, and I can't wait
to see Elbaph someday!
My Yontamaria Fleet
is at your call.
Our forces number
56 ships, y'know!
Should come in handy!
[ROBIN]
Is that so?
Luffyland! We just got
permission from our chief!
We want to join up
with you, too!
[LUFFY]
"Join up"?
I won't lose to anyone
in a boxing ring,
but if I can't take on pirates,
I'll never be a true champion.
I agreed, so we're teamin' up.
We'll see where
the waves take us.
[ABDULLAH, JEET]
Hey, don't forget about us!
We've got your back, pal!
This idiot is letting me
on his ship for some reason.
I'm helping you out.
Call me "Captain" at least!
As for you, I still have
more experience as a pirate.
So when we team up,
I'm sure to be the popular one!
I'm not asking for
help from anybody.
You guys can do
whatever you want.
[JEET] Well, that's the thing,
we kind of hit it off
while we were all
staying at the palace
and decided to run with this.
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Let me introduce the team.
We chose the order
by drawing straws.
[ORLUMBUS] First, the Beautiful
Pirates, with 75 members.
Their Captain is Cavendish
of the White Horse!
[ORLUMBUS] Next, the Barto Club,
with 56 members.
Their captain is
Bartolomeo the Cannibal!
[ORLUMBUS] Then, the Happosui
Army, a thousand men strong!
Their 13th leader is Don Sai!
[CHIN JAO chuckles]
Has a nice ring to it.
You're looking good, honey!
Oh, I can't help myself!
[ORLUMBUS] Next, The Triple X
Gym Fighting Alliance,
with four members!
They're lead by
"Destruction Cannon" Ideo!
[ORLUMBUS] Then we have the
Tonta Corps with 200 members.
Their leader is Leo the Warrior!
[ORLUMBUS] Then we have
the soon-to-be Giant Pirates--
Five members and growing!
Their captain is Hajrudin!
[ORLUMBUS]
Last, but not least,
Commodore of the Yontamaria
Fleet, with 4,300 members.
The "Adventuring Pioneer,"
Orlumbus!
That's me!
Uh, what's wrong?
A force of 5,600 total!
Mister Luffy, exchange cups
with the leaders of each crew!
We'll drink ritual saké
as father and son!
'Kay, how does that work?
[BARTOLOMEO] In a crew,
the boss is the father,
and his men are the sons!
As leader of the
Straw Hat Pirates,
we humbly ask you to
take us under your wing.
So, do you accept?
[USOPP gasps]
[NARRATOR] Luffy and the
fighters from the coliseum
have overcome Doflamingo
and formed a powerful bond.
The formidable leaders
from seven different
trouble-making crews
raise their cups in honor
of their new boss,
forming an alliance that will
surely go down in history.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Sons' Cups!
The Straw Hat Fleet is Formed!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!